xooxoxooxx
ooxoxoxxox
xxoxxooxoo
ooxxoxooxx
..xooxxoxo
..o.xoxxo.
x.....ox..
o..xoxxo..
o..oxoxox.
x..o..oxo.

x  o  o  x  o  x  o  o  x  x
o  o  x  o  x  o  x  x  o  x
x  x  o  x  x  o  o  x  o  o
o  o  x  x  o  x  o  o  x  x
ox ox x  o  o  x  x  o  x  o
ox ox o  ox x  o  x  x  o  ox
x  ox ox ox ox ox o  x  ox ox
o  ox ox x  o  x  x  o  ox ox
o  ox ox o  x  o  x  o  x  ox
x  ox ox o  ox ox o  x  o  ox


xoxo..xoox
ooxo......
oxoxxo....
xoxxo..xoo
oxxoox.ox.
xooxxo.xo.
oxooxxoxxo
oxxooxxoox
xooxxo..xo
xxoxo.....

x  o  x  o  ox ox x  o  o  x
o  o  x  o  ox ox ox ox ox ox
o  x  o  x  x  o  ox ox ox ox
x  o  x  x  o  ox ox x  o  o
o  x  x  o  o  x  ox o  x  ox
x  o  o  x  x  o  ox x  o  ox
o  x  o  o  x  x  o  x  x  o
o  x  x  o  o  x  x  o  o  x
x  o  o  x  x  o  ox ox x  o
x  x  o  x  o  ox ox ox ox ox

x  o  o  x  o  x  o  o  x  x 
o  o  x  o  x  o  x  x  o  x 
x  x  o  x  x  o  o  x  o  o 
o  o  x  x  o  x  o  o  x  x 
ox ox x  o  o  x  x  o  x  o 
ox ox o  ox x  o  x  x  o  ox 
x  ox ox ox ox ox o  x  ox ox 
o  ox ox x  o  x  x  o  ox ox 
o  ox ox o  x  o  x  o  x  ox 
x  ox ox o  ox ox o  x  o  ox
